i need to know who’s responsible for the “xx is lowkey goated in cases where yy is the vibe” copypasta, literally every thought i’ve had today has been reflexively converted into this format, absolutely insidious and powerful meme






basically you're not building a social tool (like zora)
you're building a social network
because the value has gotta come from somewhere


what might that look like? 
- @takeit bot on twitter which mints an nft for you


maybe it's this:
- the value of takes comes from the ATTENTION they garner
- each user in the beginning signs up via twitter. their existing influence gives them a weighted sTAKE.
IMAGINE IF YOU COULD MAKE MONEY FROM MEMES
is the simplest concept
so what?

mint a take 
other people see it
they can:
- like it
- collect/buy it

all the likes give take creators a higher take score
maybe each day we have a competition, like a leaderboard
who can make the hottest take

and then these get posted to the twitter (aka entropy effect)
and that's how we get users on our platform









so what do we need to do?
1. twitter signup, mint sTAKE
2. onboard the user
    introduce the game
    leaderboard
    make takes
    get likes
3. create the @takessss twitter
4. onboard ppl
    they will signup
    get sTAKE
    post some takes
    get likes
    other people can remix them
    and then we share the best each day on twitter

what is already the human programming?
- you reference what other people are doing, in order to get attention
- ie. you build on other ppl's shit bc it's good for you and it's fun

so we don't really need to build custom royalty schemes do we? 
but it would be useful
for an influence token



basically-

mobile app
feed
you make a take
people like it
you have a take score, it goes up


you can use your attention to buy other ppl's takes
takes are always for sale






it's gonan be super interesting
sign up, get 200 TAKE pts
you browse/like other ppl's takes
you can like it, which ups the take
you can collect it, if you think it's gonna be hot. that costs you somehow.
and you can remix it, the ultimate. remixes send a portion of the take's value back to the og

and somehow
all of this means that

there are layers to reification:

saying the chant   :: liking the post
investing money    :: minting the NFT
remixing the meme  :: ??

taxation         :: representation
buying a noun    :: governing the nouns

ok so what happens when you mint the nft, it's a fixed cost
that goes into a shared treasury
and in return, you are part of that take
and you can govern aspects around it



here's the idea with nouns
if you want to own part of something, you work your ass, and then you invest money into it
which gives you a vote
in nouns this means, you invest money and buy a noun
in return you get a share of voting power


so applying this to takes/memes
the idea would be this
you invest your time/energy into remixing/promoting the meme
and in return
get a vote in the treasury/earnings of the meme
which we inherently get from other people remixing it, and so on
it's a value graph or some shit like that

so for example
the take 
[xx] is lowkey goated where [yy] is the vibe
people who remix that meme - they get likes (attention)
those likes go towards them, towards the og meme, AND they get a share of the original meme

or maybe it's like the meme curator daos in gliss
so basically
you ref a take as a src
you remix a take
and the more likes, the more votes you get (a la nouns)





i guess minting it is kinda like a nouns dao
kinda like bitcoin












- after a certain critical point, we require people deposit USD. and in return they get take.
